---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: 'Improving speed, quality, cost and flexibility while building capabilities required for continuous growth through Six Sigma'
datePublished: '2016-03-03T20:32:09.780Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-03T20:25:30.096Z'
author: []
title: WAV Consulting
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-24-wav.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: grnwav.co
  domain: www.grnwav.co
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: wav/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
> WAV

Improving speed, quality, cost and flexibility while building capabilities required for continuous growth

At WAV Lean Six Sigma we are committed to service, Technology, and manufacturing organizations. Our practice helps clients achieve process-focused business transformation across the complete value chain of organizations, combining this process improvement methodology with efficient process discipline to reduce delivery times, lower costs, create flexibility and increase customer satisfaction. .

WAV Lean Six Sigma:

•  Delivers operational speed, quality, cost reduction, and customer satisfaction.

•  Identifies drivers of economic profit and shareholder value to create project portfolio.

•  Drives broad cultural change and creation of a common language.

•  Builds organizational capability to create and sustain a process-performance advantage.

-WAV Lean Six Sigma teams help executives explore and address a variety of business questions including:

•  How do we identify high value projects that will contribute to improved financial performance?

•  How can Lean Six Sigma be applied to our services company and service-based processes?

•  We want to implement Lean Six Sigma in our organization, but how can we get buy-in from the internal groups we work with so that we can implement and work together?

•  We have very specific financial goals. Can Lean Six Sigma help take us there?

•  How will speed and quality give us competitive advantage?

•  Can Lean Six Sigma help me execute on my strategy?